4/23/24
Progress: Near-final drafts of my paper and visual product have been submitted for review. I am happy with the progress made this week. I present tomorrow and have finished my slides.
Problems: Some minor issues with tables in Power BI forming relationships seemingly with a mind of their own, but all resolved now.
Plans: I plan to conclude my code commenting and cleaning, and have my github repo ready for review by the end of this week.
Hours: Around 16 this week.

4/16/24
Progress: My paper is close to done, peer reviews are finished, and code is at a point where I only need to clean up formattting. I am a bit behind schedule on my visual product, but am excited to catch up and get it finished.
Problems: Fixing my paper after first reviews took longer than anticipated
Plans: Finish virtual product this week, prepare presentation slides, and get further feedback from Andrew on paper once pper reviews come in.
Hours: Around 15 hours this week.

4/2/24
Progress: I finished my first draft of my visual product! I also worked on some oversampling to confirm model results.
Problems: Retrofitting my code to work easily with power BI is time consuming.
Revise paper this week and finish virtual product.
Hours: Around 15 hours this week.

3/27/24
Progress: Wrote first draft of paper, most of the way through visual product.
Problems: Visual Product is going to require some code to get to a point I am satisfied with it.
Plans: Finish first draft of visual product, revise paper.
Hours: I spent about 22 hours on my capstone this last week.

*SPRING BREAK*

3/12/24
Progress: Lots of clean up work completed, getting functions into function files, etc.
Problems: Lots of werid issues with importing from function files, but all is good now!
Plans: Get notebook to fire people and decide on visualization method concretely. Write ups in notebook need to be finished as well.
Hours: I spent about 13 hours on my capstone this last week.

3/5/24
Progress: I think I am about done with analysis! I got great results for acreage and agency inolvement that I am going to clear with Andrew and then begin work on my visualization. I had to do a lot of trial and error to get the code working, so it took a while.
Problems: I need to refresh on making function files to clean up my notebook. Other than that it was a pretty smooth week.
Plans: Decide between Tableau, Power BI, or Streamlit to make my visual product. Clean up notebook and send it to fire people.
Hours: I spent about 20 hours on my capstone this last week.


2/26/24
Progress: I made significant progress in establishing my code to explore agency involvement and predict text that way. The results are stored and ready for exploration. I looked into dashboarding tools and am considering a small application using streamlit to create my visual product. I spent a good amount of time on that. I also worked on writeups within the notebook to work towards code completion. I hope to be fully done with my analysis code within the next week and a half.
Problems: Smooth sailing this week other than avery time consuming issue with my function to analyze agency involvement that has since been resolved.
Plans: Finish all analysis focused code as soon as possible. This is a grind week, and I hope to get nearly 30 hours in. Finish as many writeups as I can, and begin building with Streamlit.
Hours: Between research, writing, and coding, I spent roughly 22 hours this week on the capstone. Next week I hope to have even more.


2/19/24
Progress: This week has been a slow one, as I have taken some time to work on other things. I had a meeting with John that was quite helpful, and identified the tools I will use to make a dashboard as well as some new questions to potentially add more "why" as discussed in my in class presentation.
Problems: My biggest problem right now is just time, but that should get better starting this week. I have a much better sense of direction after my presentationa and meetings with John.
Plans: I am going to work this week on my two new questions, and exploring the tools I'll use for dashboarding in python.
Hours: I spent roughly 6 hours this week working on my capston. Next week I expect to get 20 or more.

2/12/24
Progress: I am almost done with classification work and have my model up to 60% accuracy without being overfitted. This is pretty good, but not great. I also corrected a lemmatization error I found, but this had no effect on model accuracy.
Problems: I am still struggling with direction, I am hoping my presentation wednesday and meeting with John on Thursday will help with this. I am having a hard time improving my model further as well.
Plans: Be done with my model by next week, start ideating and prototyping my final product.
Hours: I spent between 12 and 15 hours on the capstone this week.

2/5/2024
Progress: I continued working on my classification issues and built out a few functions. 
Problems: I am still struggling with direction. All of the classification issues are kind of going nowhere.
Plans: I want to complete all classification work as soon as possible so I can be done with it and find something else.
Hours: In the last week I spent between 8 and 10 hours on the capstone.


1/30/2024
Progress: I built out a random forest model and started work on a larger model selection function. I also completed my penalized logistic regression, naive bayes, and KNN testing. Logistic regression unsurprisingly performed the best. I made some progress writing as well.
Problems: I am struggling a bit with broad direction, I don't really know where to go with my final product.
Plans: By next week I plan to have the entirity of my rrf_rr_desc classification done. I would also like to finish the markdown cells.
Hours: In the last week I spent about 4 hours working on the capstone.
